# Report

## Introduction

In this project, I use the ns-3 simulator to create a network that consists of an Access Point (AP) and three stations (STAs). The AP and the STAs are configured to operate using the IEEE 802.11 standard with Quality of Service (QoS) support, specifically utilizing the 802.11e TXOP (Transmission Opportunity) mechanism. Each station continuously transmits data packets to the AP, simulating a network environment where different types of traffic (voice, video, and best effort) compete for bandwidth.

The goal of the simulation is to analyze the performance of the network under varying traffic loads and to measure the throughput achieved by each traffic category. 

This project can be divided into 2 main parts, the first part is the implementation of the simulation. And the second part is the analysis of the results generated by the simulator.


## Implementation of the Simulator

The implementation of the ns3 simulator can be done either on python or in C++. I decided to implement it using C++ since I found more examples scripts on C++ in the examples provided by ns3.

The implementation can be divided into simulation set-up, network set-up, QoS parameters configuration and output of results.

### Simulation Set-Up

### Network Set-Up

### QoS Parameters 

### Output the Results

For each traffic rate that the simulation iterates through, the results are printed to the console and saved in a CSV file for further analysis. The output includes the current traffic load and the throughput achieved for each Access Category (AC).

```c++

        // Display results in console
        std::cout << "Current Traffic: " << currentTrafficAC << " Mbps" << std::endl;
        std::cout << "Throughput AC_VI: " << throughputA << " Mbps" << std::endl;
        std::cout << "Throughput AC_VO: " << throughputB << " Mbps" << std::endl;
        std::cout << "Throughput AC_BE: " << throughputC << " Mbps\n" << std::endl;

        // Output to CSV file
        outFileCSV << currentTrafficAC << "," << throughputA << "," << throughputB << "," << throughputC << std::endl;
```

## Analysis of Results

